so we know it on the way to the top
fun bath in the holiday center castle dankern
There are two new attractions opening today
in the bathroom and just a new one
funnel slide 129 meters long and to
other water playground than could
Aquarena delivered and we are real
curious what awaits us above all
concerns
I have in Cologne and in me but
still has from the bomb
Of course, very curious what to expect
The fun bath was opened in 1996
and then offered beside the
only one four
meter wide family slide and one
open slide of 60 meters length
2003 were the first time two large
slip clara retrofitted a 104
meter long magic eye and a 58 meters
long turbo slide
for the 2014 season was for 25 million
Euro
An extensive reconstruction of the victim
fun bath made a huge
water playground as well as a highlight
a 129 meter long funnel slide
wait for the visitors on july 8th and 14th
The owners of Schloss Schloss Danker open their doors
solemnly the new attraction of
water playground in the top ass presents
especially for the younger visitors and
their families are an attraction
the most different water effects to the
part can be taxed interactively
do not let boredom arise
eye-catcher on the water playground is
the gigantic tilt bucket with a
Capacity of 350 liters of this
pours over every few minutes
colorful game area
numerous climbing net creeping tunnels and
other water feature elements provide for
a long-lasting bathing pleasure
The playground is also with numerous
Slides equipped not only at
to the children but also to theirs
The three-legged parents provide for action
trios grief provides with a wavy
a straight and a steep track for
varied pleasure
right next door is the red eleven
meter long mini freefall steep downhill
the longest of the four slide is the
blue tube slide with 20 meters
length and an almost completely dark
tube on little adrenaline kick
guaranteed
a yellow open slide with tight
curves also makes for fun on 19
meters long
the second new attraction is the
Slide on the opening days unfortunately
not finished problems with the
Stairs still delay the opening
some weeks
the funnel slide of aquarena becomes
with mature chute and offers as
special highlight a glass tube
in the steep section afterwards one rotates with
high tempo in the funnel and turns
around two to four times
on average the slide has it
a length of 129 meters
depending on how often you are in the ball
turns the top the fun bath now offers
a very varied slide
and water feature landscape as you can
otherwise not found in the area
the adventure pool is open until the end of the season
second november 2014 daily from 10 to
8 pm
that 's it
just have fun while learning ems
Unfortunately, it did not go that well
as we had imagined because
Unfortunately, I was not the problem with
the stairs to the start
but still a lot of work to do
you can do that at all
him
who reckons that two weeks so far
is
unfortunately required to test the form
the solemn water plays rusting
tested